monitoring: update details for using OTEL log exporter in operator (#283)
metalbear-co/docs: docs/managing-mirrord/monitoring.md

The features under the "OpenTelemetry" heading require at least operator chart version 1.46.0.
{% endhint %}

OTEL logs and traces can be sent from the operator to a configured OTLP collector endpoint using an HTTP exporter.

{% hint style="info" %}

> As of version `3.186.0`, both `operator.otelLogExportUrl` and `operator.otelTraceExportUrl` may reference values set in `operator.extraEnv`, as they are added to the manifest below `extraEnv`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of version `3.186.0`, both `operator.otelLogExportUrl` and `operator.otelTraceExportUrl` may reference environment variables set in operator.extraEnv using $(VAR_NAME) syntax.
```
dropped the helm chart internals reasoning

To export traces from the operator to an endpoint, set `operator.otelTraceExportUrl` to the URL in the Operator Helm chart values. You _must_ set this value to export traces.

#### Using the downward API

> As of version `3.186.0`, values set in `operator.extraEnv` can be map values as an alternative to key value pairs, enabling variables to use the [Kubernetes downward API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/downward-api/). This means you can reference downward API values in `operator.otel*ExportUrl` variables, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Entries in `operator.extraEnv` can take a full environment variable spec (`valueFrom`) instead of a plain string value. Any valid environment variable source works, not just the downward API: `valueFrom` with `secretKeyRef` or `configMapKeyRef` renders the same way.
This means you can reference [Kubernetes downward API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/downward-api/) values in `operator.otel*ExportUrl` variables, for example:
```

Author: do we not need to mention the version req?

Reviewer: I felt it was repeating the previous hint that already stated the version, but have no strong opinion - so it can stay.
